NOW: 2007-11-05 22:33:45
running stats for compile-ack:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1570728 bytes allocated
running stats for ack (20):
    no collections
    1681 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1682 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ack:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1570728 bytes allocated
running stats for ack (20):
    no collections
    1681 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1683 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ack:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1570728 bytes allocated
running stats for ack (20):
    no collections
    1681 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1682 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ack:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1570728 bytes allocated
running stats for ack (20):
    no collections
    1681 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1682 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ack:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1570728 bytes allocated
running stats for ack (20):
    no collections
    1681 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1682 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-array1:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1950920 bytes allocated
running stats for array1 (2):
    80 collections
    1805 ms elapsed cpu time, including 370 ms collecting
    1806 ms elapsed real time, including 370 ms collecting
    320011280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-array1:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1950920 bytes allocated
running stats for array1 (2):
    80 collections
    1802 ms elapsed cpu time, including 368 ms collecting
    1804 ms elapsed real time, including 369 ms collecting
    320011280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-array1:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1950920 bytes allocated
running stats for array1 (2):
    80 collections
    1803 ms elapsed cpu time, including 370 ms collecting
    1805 ms elapsed real time, including 370 ms collecting
    320011280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-array1:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1950920 bytes allocated
running stats for array1 (2):
    80 collections
    1805 ms elapsed cpu time, including 370 ms collecting
    1806 ms elapsed real time, including 371 ms collecting
    320011280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-array1:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1950920 bytes allocated
running stats for array1 (2):
    80 collections
    1803 ms elapsed cpu time, including 369 ms collecting
    1805 ms elapsed real time, including 370 ms collecting
    320011280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-boyer:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3888704 bytes allocated
running stats for boyer (50):
    44 collections
    2041 ms elapsed cpu time, including 104 ms collecting
    2041 ms elapsed real time, including 104 ms collecting
    182096432 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-boyer:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3888704 bytes allocated
running stats for boyer (50):
    44 collections
    2041 ms elapsed cpu time, including 103 ms collecting
    2042 ms elapsed real time, including 104 ms collecting
    182096432 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-boyer:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3888704 bytes allocated
running stats for boyer (50):
    44 collections
    2041 ms elapsed cpu time, including 104 ms collecting
    2041 ms elapsed real time, including 104 ms collecting
    182096432 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-boyer:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3888704 bytes allocated
running stats for boyer (50):
    44 collections
    2042 ms elapsed cpu time, including 104 ms collecting
    2042 ms elapsed real time, including 104 ms collecting
    182096432 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-boyer:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3888704 bytes allocated
running stats for boyer (50):
    44 collections
    2041 ms elapsed cpu time, including 104 ms collecting
    2041 ms elapsed real time, including 104 ms collecting
    182096432 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-browse:
    1 collection
    79 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    80 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4729112 bytes allocated
running stats for browse (600):
    152 collections
    1990 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    1991 ms elapsed real time, including 86 ms collecting
    633621936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-browse:
    1 collection
    79 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    80 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4729112 bytes allocated
running stats for browse (600):
    152 collections
    1990 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    1991 ms elapsed real time, including 86 ms collecting
    633621936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-browse:
    1 collection
    79 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    80 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4729112 bytes allocated
running stats for browse (600):
    152 collections
    1991 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    1992 ms elapsed real time, including 86 ms collecting
    633621936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-browse:
    1 collection
    79 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    80 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4729112 bytes allocated
running stats for browse (600):
    152 collections
    1990 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    1991 ms elapsed real time, including 86 ms collecting
    633621936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-browse:
    1 collection
    79 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    80 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4729112 bytes allocated
running stats for browse (600):
    152 collections
    1990 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    1991 ms elapsed real time, including 86 ms collecting
    633621936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cat:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1667936 bytes allocated
running stats for cat (12):
    no collections
    2241 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2562 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    414504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cat:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1667936 bytes allocated
running stats for cat (12):
    no collections
    2227 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2235 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    414504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cat:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1667936 bytes allocated
running stats for cat (12):
    no collections
    2236 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2273 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    414504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cat:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1667936 bytes allocated
running stats for cat (12):
    no collections
    2231 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2250 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    414504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cat:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1667936 bytes allocated
running stats for cat (12):
    no collections
    2236 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2241 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    414504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-compiler:
    162 collections
    10005 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1617 ms collecting
    10005 ms elapsed real time, including 1618 ms collecting
    686269568 bytes allocated
running stats for compiler (500):
    87 collections
    2064 ms elapsed cpu time, including 186 ms collecting
    2066 ms elapsed real time, including 187 ms collecting
    363384064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-compiler:
    162 collections
    10007 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1615 ms collecting
    10008 ms elapsed real time, including 1617 ms collecting
    686269568 bytes allocated
running stats for compiler (500):
    87 collections
    2064 ms elapsed cpu time, including 186 ms collecting
    2065 ms elapsed real time, including 187 ms collecting
    363384064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-compiler:
    162 collections
    10004 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1616 ms collecting
    10004 ms elapsed real time, including 1618 ms collecting
    686269568 bytes allocated
running stats for compiler (500):
    87 collections
    2067 ms elapsed cpu time, including 186 ms collecting
    2067 ms elapsed real time, including 187 ms collecting
    363384064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-compiler:
    162 collections
    10004 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1616 ms collecting
    10004 ms elapsed real time, including 1617 ms collecting
    686269568 bytes allocated
running stats for compiler (500):
    87 collections
    2064 ms elapsed cpu time, including 186 ms collecting
    2065 ms elapsed real time, including 187 ms collecting
    363384064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-compiler:
    162 collections
    10003 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1617 ms collecting
    10004 ms elapsed real time, including 1618 ms collecting
    686269568 bytes allocated
running stats for compiler (500):
    87 collections
    2063 ms elapsed cpu time, including 186 ms collecting
    2065 ms elapsed real time, including 187 ms collecting
    363384064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-conform:
    3 collections
    136 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    137 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    10908560 bytes allocated
running stats for conform (70):
    91 collections
    2090 ms elapsed cpu time, including 105 ms collecting
    2091 ms elapsed real time, including 105 ms collecting
    379897856 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-conform:
    3 collections
    136 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    137 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    10908560 bytes allocated
running stats for conform (70):
    91 collections
    2090 ms elapsed cpu time, including 105 ms collecting
    2091 ms elapsed real time, including 105 ms collecting
    379897856 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-conform:
    3 collections
    136 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    137 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    10908560 bytes allocated
running stats for conform (70):
    91 collections
    2092 ms elapsed cpu time, including 105 ms collecting
    2092 ms elapsed real time, including 105 ms collecting
    379897856 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-conform:
    3 collections
    136 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    137 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    10908560 bytes allocated
running stats for conform (70):
    91 collections
    2090 ms elapsed cpu time, including 105 ms collecting
    2091 ms elapsed real time, including 105 ms collecting
    379897856 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-conform:
    3 collections
    136 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    137 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    10908560 bytes allocated
running stats for conform (70):
    91 collections
    2092 ms elapsed cpu time, including 105 ms collecting
    2093 ms elapsed real time, including 106 ms collecting
    379897856 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cpstak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1739744 bytes allocated
running stats for cpstak (1700):
    413 collections
    1981 ms elapsed cpu time, including 152 ms collecting
    1982 ms elapsed real time, including 153 ms collecting
    1730137648 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cpstak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1739744 bytes allocated
running stats for cpstak (1700):
    413 collections
    1980 ms elapsed cpu time, including 151 ms collecting
    1980 ms elapsed real time, including 152 ms collecting
    1730137648 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cpstak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1739744 bytes allocated
running stats for cpstak (1700):
    413 collections
    1980 ms elapsed cpu time, including 151 ms collecting
    1981 ms elapsed real time, including 153 ms collecting
    1730137648 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cpstak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1739744 bytes allocated
running stats for cpstak (1700):
    413 collections
    1982 ms elapsed cpu time, including 152 ms collecting
    1983 ms elapsed real time, including 153 ms collecting
    1730137648 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-cpstak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1739744 bytes allocated
running stats for cpstak (1700):
    413 collections
    1981 ms elapsed cpu time, including 152 ms collecting
    1982 ms elapsed real time, including 153 ms collecting
    1730137648 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ctak:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1812856 bytes allocated
running stats for ctak (160):
    204 collections
    1951 ms elapsed cpu time, including 293 ms collecting
    1953 ms elapsed real time, including 294 ms collecting
    854906272 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ctak:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1812856 bytes allocated
running stats for ctak (160):
    204 collections
    1951 ms elapsed cpu time, including 294 ms collecting
    1953 ms elapsed real time, including 295 ms collecting
    854906272 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ctak:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1812856 bytes allocated
running stats for ctak (160):
    204 collections
    1953 ms elapsed cpu time, including 293 ms collecting
    1954 ms elapsed real time, including 295 ms collecting
    854906272 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ctak:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1812856 bytes allocated
running stats for ctak (160):
    204 collections
    1951 ms elapsed cpu time, including 293 ms collecting
    1953 ms elapsed real time, including 294 ms collecting
    854906272 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ctak:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1812856 bytes allocated
running stats for ctak (160):
    204 collections
    1953 ms elapsed cpu time, including 293 ms collecting
    1954 ms elapsed real time, including 294 ms collecting
    854906272 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dderiv:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2426312 bytes allocated
running stats for dderiv (3000000):
    390 collections
    2168 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    2168 ms elapsed real time, including 148 ms collecting
    1632000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dderiv:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2426312 bytes allocated
running stats for dderiv (3000000):
    390 collections
    2172 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    2173 ms elapsed real time, including 148 ms collecting
    1632000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dderiv:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2426312 bytes allocated
running stats for dderiv (3000000):
    390 collections
    2166 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    2168 ms elapsed real time, including 148 ms collecting
    1632000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dderiv:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2426312 bytes allocated
running stats for dderiv (3000000):
    390 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    2174 ms elapsed real time, including 148 ms collecting
    1632000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dderiv:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2426312 bytes allocated
running stats for dderiv (3000000):
    390 collections
    2168 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    2168 ms elapsed real time, including 148 ms collecting
    1632000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-deriv:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1844792 bytes allocated
running stats for deriv (4000000):
    374 collections
    1943 ms elapsed cpu time, including 142 ms collecting
    1944 ms elapsed real time, including 144 ms collecting
    1568000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-deriv:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1844792 bytes allocated
running stats for deriv (4000000):
    374 collections
    1944 ms elapsed cpu time, including 143 ms collecting
    1944 ms elapsed real time, including 145 ms collecting
    1568000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-deriv:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1844792 bytes allocated
running stats for deriv (4000000):
    374 collections
    1944 ms elapsed cpu time, including 142 ms collecting
    1944 ms elapsed real time, including 144 ms collecting
    1568000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-deriv:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1844792 bytes allocated
running stats for deriv (4000000):
    374 collections
    1942 ms elapsed cpu time, including 142 ms collecting
    1943 ms elapsed real time, including 144 ms collecting
    1568000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-deriv:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1844792 bytes allocated
running stats for deriv (4000000):
    374 collections
    1944 ms elapsed cpu time, including 143 ms collecting
    1944 ms elapsed real time, including 145 ms collecting
    1568000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-destruc:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    65 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2485992 bytes allocated
running stats for destruc (800):
    98 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 73 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    411910448 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-destruc:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    65 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2485992 bytes allocated
running stats for destruc (800):
    98 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 73 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    411910448 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-destruc:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2485992 bytes allocated
running stats for destruc (800):
    98 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 73 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    411910448 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-destruc:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    65 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2485992 bytes allocated
running stats for destruc (800):
    98 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 73 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    411910448 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-destruc:
    1 collection
    64 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    65 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2485992 bytes allocated
running stats for destruc (800):
    98 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 73 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    411910448 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-diviter:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1707344 bytes allocated
running stats for diviter (1200000):
    229 collections
    1570 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1572 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-diviter:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1707344 bytes allocated
running stats for diviter (1200000):
    229 collections
    1569 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1571 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-diviter:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1707344 bytes allocated
running stats for diviter (1200000):
    229 collections
    1571 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1571 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-diviter:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1707344 bytes allocated
running stats for diviter (1200000):
    229 collections
    1569 ms elapsed cpu time, including 98 ms collecting
    1570 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-diviter:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1707344 bytes allocated
running stats for diviter (1200000):
    229 collections
    1569 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1571 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-divrec:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1676240 bytes allocated
running stats for divrec (1200000):
    229 collections
    1784 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1785 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-divrec:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1676240 bytes allocated
running stats for divrec (1200000):
    229 collections
    1782 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1783 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-divrec:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1676240 bytes allocated
running stats for divrec (1200000):
    229 collections
    1784 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1785 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-divrec:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1676240 bytes allocated
running stats for divrec (1200000):
    229 collections
    1784 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1785 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-divrec:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1676240 bytes allocated
running stats for divrec (1200000):
    229 collections
    1785 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1786 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    960000048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dynamic:
    11 collections
    583 ms elapsed cpu time, including 128 ms collecting
    584 ms elapsed real time, including 128 ms collecting
    46386776 bytes allocated
running stats for dynamic (70):
    51 collections
    1889 ms elapsed cpu time, including 160 ms collecting
    1889 ms elapsed real time, including 160 ms collecting
    212735064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dynamic:
    11 collections
    583 ms elapsed cpu time, including 128 ms collecting
    583 ms elapsed real time, including 128 ms collecting
    46386776 bytes allocated
running stats for dynamic (70):
    51 collections
    1889 ms elapsed cpu time, including 160 ms collecting
    1889 ms elapsed real time, including 161 ms collecting
    212735064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dynamic:
    11 collections
    583 ms elapsed cpu time, including 128 ms collecting
    584 ms elapsed real time, including 128 ms collecting
    46386776 bytes allocated
running stats for dynamic (70):
    51 collections
    1890 ms elapsed cpu time, including 160 ms collecting
    1890 ms elapsed real time, including 161 ms collecting
    212735064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dynamic:
    11 collections
    583 ms elapsed cpu time, including 128 ms collecting
    584 ms elapsed real time, including 128 ms collecting
    46386776 bytes allocated
running stats for dynamic (70):
    51 collections
    1889 ms elapsed cpu time, including 160 ms collecting
    1890 ms elapsed real time, including 161 ms collecting
    212735064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-dynamic:
    11 collections
    583 ms elapsed cpu time, including 127 ms collecting
    583 ms elapsed real time, including 128 ms collecting
    46386776 bytes allocated
running stats for dynamic (70):
    51 collections
    1889 ms elapsed cpu time, including 160 ms collecting
    1890 ms elapsed real time, including 161 ms collecting
    212735064 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-earley:
    3 collections
    124 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    124 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    11415592 bytes allocated
running stats for earley (400):
    302 collections
    2053 ms elapsed cpu time, including 393 ms collecting
    2054 ms elapsed real time, including 395 ms collecting
    1262956336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-earley:
    3 collections
    124 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    124 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    11415592 bytes allocated
running stats for earley (400):
    302 collections
    2053 ms elapsed cpu time, including 393 ms collecting
    2053 ms elapsed real time, including 395 ms collecting
    1262956336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-earley:
    3 collections
    124 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    124 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    11415592 bytes allocated
running stats for earley (400):
    302 collections
    2050 ms elapsed cpu time, including 392 ms collecting
    2050 ms elapsed real time, including 393 ms collecting
    1262956336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-earley:
    3 collections
    124 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    125 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    11415592 bytes allocated
running stats for earley (400):
    302 collections
    2053 ms elapsed cpu time, including 396 ms collecting
    2054 ms elapsed real time, including 397 ms collecting
    1262956336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-earley:
    3 collections
    124 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    124 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    11415592 bytes allocated
running stats for earley (400):
    302 collections
    2051 ms elapsed cpu time, including 392 ms collecting
    2051 ms elapsed real time, including 394 ms collecting
    1262956336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fft:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3041384 bytes allocated
running stats for fft (4000):
    447 collections
    2021 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    2021 ms elapsed real time, including 173 ms collecting
    1872396336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fft:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3041384 bytes allocated
running stats for fft (4000):
    447 collections
    2017 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    2018 ms elapsed real time, including 172 ms collecting
    1872396336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fft:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3041384 bytes allocated
running stats for fft (4000):
    447 collections
    2018 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    2018 ms elapsed real time, including 172 ms collecting
    1872396336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fft:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3041384 bytes allocated
running stats for fft (4000):
    447 collections
    2020 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    2020 ms elapsed real time, including 173 ms collecting
    1872396336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fft:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3041384 bytes allocated
running stats for fft (4000):
    447 collections
    2017 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    2018 ms elapsed real time, including 172 ms collecting
    1872396336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fib:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1529752 bytes allocated
running stats for fib (6):
    no collections
    2005 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2006 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fib:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1529752 bytes allocated
running stats for fib (6):
    no collections
    2005 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2005 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fib:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1529752 bytes allocated
running stats for fib (6):
    no collections
    2016 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2017 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fib:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1529752 bytes allocated
running stats for fib (6):
    no collections
    2011 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2012 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fib:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1529752 bytes allocated
running stats for fib (6):
    no collections
    2006 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2006 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibc:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1778872 bytes allocated
running stats for fibc (900):
    144 collections
    1984 ms elapsed cpu time, including 266 ms collecting
    1986 ms elapsed real time, including 267 ms collecting
    601935568 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibc:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1778872 bytes allocated
running stats for fibc (900):
    144 collections
    1982 ms elapsed cpu time, including 265 ms collecting
    1983 ms elapsed real time, including 266 ms collecting
    601935568 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibc:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1778872 bytes allocated
running stats for fibc (900):
    144 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 266 ms collecting
    1985 ms elapsed real time, including 267 ms collecting
    601935568 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibc:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1778872 bytes allocated
running stats for fibc (900):
    144 collections
    1985 ms elapsed cpu time, including 266 ms collecting
    1987 ms elapsed real time, including 267 ms collecting
    601935568 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibc:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1778872 bytes allocated
running stats for fibc (900):
    144 collections
    1982 ms elapsed cpu time, including 266 ms collecting
    1983 ms elapsed real time, including 267 ms collecting
    601935568 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1513640 bytes allocated
running stats for fibfp (2):
    342 collections
    2197 ms elapsed cpu time, including 135 ms collecting
    2197 ms elapsed real time, including 136 ms collecting
    1433313744 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1513640 bytes allocated
running stats for fibfp (2):
    342 collections
    2196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 135 ms collecting
    2197 ms elapsed real time, including 136 ms collecting
    1433313744 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1513640 bytes allocated
running stats for fibfp (2):
    342 collections
    2198 ms elapsed cpu time, including 136 ms collecting
    2199 ms elapsed real time, including 137 ms collecting
    1433313744 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1513640 bytes allocated
running stats for fibfp (2):
    342 collections
    2198 ms elapsed cpu time, including 135 ms collecting
    2199 ms elapsed real time, including 137 ms collecting
    1433313744 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fibfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1513640 bytes allocated
running stats for fibfp (2):
    342 collections
    2197 ms elapsed cpu time, including 134 ms collecting
    2197 ms elapsed real time, including 136 ms collecting
    1433313744 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fpsum:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1501584 bytes allocated
running stats for fpsum (60):
    458 collections
    1919 ms elapsed cpu time, including 157 ms collecting
    1919 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    1920001968 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fpsum:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1501584 bytes allocated
running stats for fpsum (60):
    458 collections
    1918 ms elapsed cpu time, including 157 ms collecting
    1919 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    1920001968 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fpsum:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1501584 bytes allocated
running stats for fpsum (60):
    458 collections
    1920 ms elapsed cpu time, including 156 ms collecting
    1921 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    1920001968 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fpsum:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1501584 bytes allocated
running stats for fpsum (60):
    458 collections
    1917 ms elapsed cpu time, including 156 ms collecting
    1917 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    1920001968 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-fpsum:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1501584 bytes allocated
running stats for fpsum (60):
    458 collections
    1922 ms elapsed cpu time, including 157 ms collecting
    1922 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    1920001968 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcbench:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3300264 bytes allocated
The garbage collector should touch about 32 megabytes of heap storage.
The use of more or less memory will skew the results.
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
running stats for GCBench18 (2):
    181 collections
    2737 ms elapsed cpu time, including 781 ms collecting
    2739 ms elapsed real time, including 783 ms collecting
    757030592 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcbench:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3300264 bytes allocated
The garbage collector should touch about 32 megabytes of heap storage.
The use of more or less memory will skew the results.
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
running stats for GCBench18 (2):
    181 collections
    2738 ms elapsed cpu time, including 781 ms collecting
    2739 ms elapsed real time, including 783 ms collecting
    757030592 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcbench:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3300264 bytes allocated
The garbage collector should touch about 32 megabytes of heap storage.
The use of more or less memory will skew the results.
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
running stats for GCBench18 (2):
    181 collections
    2739 ms elapsed cpu time, including 781 ms collecting
    2740 ms elapsed real time, including 783 ms collecting
    757030592 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcbench:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3300264 bytes allocated
The garbage collector should touch about 32 megabytes of heap storage.
The use of more or less memory will skew the results.
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
running stats for GCBench18 (2):
    181 collections
    2738 ms elapsed cpu time, including 781 ms collecting
    2739 ms elapsed real time, including 783 ms collecting
    757030592 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcbench:
    1 collection
    69 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3300264 bytes allocated
The garbage collector should touch about 32 megabytes of heap storage.
The use of more or less memory will skew the results.
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Garbage Collector Test
 Stretching memory with a binary tree of depth 18
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
GCBench: Main
 Creating a long-lived binary tree of depth 16
 Creating a long-lived array of 524284 inexact reals
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
Creating 33824 trees of depth 4
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8256 trees of depth 6
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 2052 trees of depth 8
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 512 trees of depth 10
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 128 trees of depth 12
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 32 trees of depth 14
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
Creating 8 trees of depth 16
GCBench: Top down construction
GCBench: Bottom up construction
 Total memory available= ???????? bytes  Free memory= ???????? bytes
running stats for GCBench18 (2):
    181 collections
    2737 ms elapsed cpu time, including 781 ms collecting
    2739 ms elapsed real time, including 783 ms collecting
    757030592 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-gcold:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    103 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    7753408 bytes allocated
25 megabytes
0 work units per step.
promotion ratio is 1:10
pointer mutation rate is 10
600 steps
Allocating 76 trees.
  (24902160 bytes)
  (1245108 nodes)
Initialization complete...
running stats for GCOld (1):
    158 collections
    1608 ms elapsed cpu time, including 601 ms collecting
    1608 ms elapsed real time, including 600 ms collecting
    660927408 bytes allocated
Allocated 600 Mb of young gen garbage
    (actually allocated 6e2 megabytes)
Promoted 6e1 Mb
    (actually promoted 59.86 megabytes)
Mutated 6000 pointers
running stats for compile-gcold:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    103 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    7753408 bytes allocated
25 megabytes
0 work units per step.
promotion ratio is 1:10
pointer mutation rate is 10
600 steps
Allocating 76 trees.
  (24902160 bytes)
  (1245108 nodes)
Initialization complete...
running stats for GCOld (1):
    158 collections
    1609 ms elapsed cpu time, including 601 ms collecting
    1610 ms elapsed real time, including 601 ms collecting
    660927408 bytes allocated
Allocated 600 Mb of young gen garbage
    (actually allocated 6e2 megabytes)
Promoted 6e1 Mb
    (actually promoted 59.86 megabytes)
Mutated 6000 pointers
running stats for compile-gcold:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    103 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    7753408 bytes allocated
25 megabytes
0 work units per step.
promotion ratio is 1:10
pointer mutation rate is 10
600 steps
Allocating 76 trees.
  (24902160 bytes)
  (1245108 nodes)
Initialization complete...
running stats for GCOld (1):
    158 collections
    1608 ms elapsed cpu time, including 601 ms collecting
    1609 ms elapsed real time, including 601 ms collecting
    660927408 bytes allocated
Allocated 600 Mb of young gen garbage
    (actually allocated 6e2 megabytes)
Promoted 6e1 Mb
    (actually promoted 59.86 megabytes)
Mutated 6000 pointers
running stats for compile-gcold:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    103 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    7753408 bytes allocated
25 megabytes
0 work units per step.
promotion ratio is 1:10
pointer mutation rate is 10
600 steps
Allocating 76 trees.
  (24902160 bytes)
  (1245108 nodes)
Initialization complete...
running stats for GCOld (1):
    158 collections
    1608 ms elapsed cpu time, including 601 ms collecting
    1609 ms elapsed real time, including 601 ms collecting
    660927408 bytes allocated
Allocated 600 Mb of young gen garbage
    (actually allocated 6e2 megabytes)
Promoted 6e1 Mb
    (actually promoted 59.86 megabytes)
Mutated 6000 pointers
running stats for compile-gcold:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    103 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    7753408 bytes allocated
25 megabytes
0 work units per step.
promotion ratio is 1:10
pointer mutation rate is 10
600 steps
Allocating 76 trees.
  (24902160 bytes)
  (1245108 nodes)
Initialization complete...
running stats for GCOld (1):
    158 collections
    1609 ms elapsed cpu time, including 601 ms collecting
    1609 ms elapsed real time, including 601 ms collecting
    660927408 bytes allocated
Allocated 600 Mb of young gen garbage
    (actually allocated 6e2 megabytes)
Promoted 6e1 Mb
    (actually promoted 59.86 megabytes)
Mutated 6000 pointers
running stats for compile-graphs:
    2 collections
    97 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    98 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    6358088 bytes allocated
running stats for graphs (500):
    314 collections
    1789 ms elapsed cpu time, including 163 ms collecting
    1791 ms elapsed real time, including 165 ms collecting
    1317128336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-graphs:
    2 collections
    97 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    98 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    6358088 bytes allocated
running stats for graphs (500):
    314 collections
    1787 ms elapsed cpu time, including 163 ms collecting
    1789 ms elapsed real time, including 165 ms collecting
    1317128336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-graphs:
    2 collections
    97 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    98 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    6358088 bytes allocated
running stats for graphs (500):
    314 collections
    1788 ms elapsed cpu time, including 162 ms collecting
    1789 ms elapsed real time, including 164 ms collecting
    1317128336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-graphs:
    2 collections
    97 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    98 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    6358088 bytes allocated
running stats for graphs (500):
    314 collections
    1785 ms elapsed cpu time, including 163 ms collecting
    1787 ms elapsed real time, including 164 ms collecting
    1317128336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-graphs:
    2 collections
    97 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    98 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    6358088 bytes allocated
running stats for graphs (500):
    314 collections
    1787 ms elapsed cpu time, including 163 ms collecting
    1789 ms elapsed real time, including 165 ms collecting
    1317128336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-lattice:
    1 collection
    71 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    72 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3469384 bytes allocated
running stats for lattice (2):
    184 collections
    2780 ms elapsed cpu time, including 92 ms collecting
    2781 ms elapsed real time, including 93 ms collecting
    771403536 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-lattice:
    1 collection
    71 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    72 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3469384 bytes allocated
running stats for lattice (2):
    184 collections
    2779 ms elapsed cpu time, including 92 ms collecting
    2780 ms elapsed real time, including 93 ms collecting
    771403536 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-lattice:
    1 collection
    71 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    72 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3469384 bytes allocated
running stats for lattice (2):
    184 collections
    2779 ms elapsed cpu time, including 92 ms collecting
    2780 ms elapsed real time, including 92 ms collecting
    771403536 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-lattice:
    1 collection
    71 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    72 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    3469384 bytes allocated
running stats for lattice (2):
    184 collections
    2779 ms elapsed cpu time, including 92 ms collecting
    2780 ms elapsed real time, including 93 ms collecting
    771403536 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-lattice:
    1 collection
    71 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    72 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3469384 bytes allocated
running stats for lattice (2):
    184 collections
    2778 ms elapsed cpu time, including 92 ms collecting
    2780 ms elapsed real time, including 93 ms collecting
    771403536 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-matrix:
    2 collections
    110 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    111 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    8394736 bytes allocated
running stats for matrix (600):
    213 collections
    1747 ms elapsed cpu time, including 99 ms collecting
    1749 ms elapsed real time, including 101 ms collecting
    889850736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-matrix:
    2 collections
    110 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    111 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    8394736 bytes allocated
running stats for matrix (600):
    213 collections
    1748 ms elapsed cpu time, including 99 ms collecting
    1749 ms elapsed real time, including 101 ms collecting
    889850736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-matrix:
    2 collections
    110 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    111 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    8394736 bytes allocated
running stats for matrix (600):
    213 collections
    1746 ms elapsed cpu time, including 99 ms collecting
    1748 ms elapsed real time, including 101 ms collecting
    889850736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-matrix:
    2 collections
    110 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    111 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    8394736 bytes allocated
running stats for matrix (600):
    213 collections
    1747 ms elapsed cpu time, including 99 ms collecting
    1748 ms elapsed real time, including 101 ms collecting
    889850736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-matrix:
    2 collections
    110 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    111 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    8394736 bytes allocated
running stats for matrix (600):
    213 collections
    1748 ms elapsed cpu time, including 100 ms collecting
    1750 ms elapsed real time, including 101 ms collecting
    889850736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-mazefun:
    1 collection
    80 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    448 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3989528 bytes allocated
running stats for mazefun (2500):
    102 collections
    2196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2197 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    425212336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-mazefun:
    1 collection
    74 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3989528 bytes allocated
running stats for mazefun (2500):
    102 collections
    2197 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2197 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    425212336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-mazefun:
    1 collection
    74 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3989528 bytes allocated
running stats for mazefun (2500):
    102 collections
    2196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2196 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    425212336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-mazefun:
    1 collection
    74 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3989528 bytes allocated
running stats for mazefun (2500):
    102 collections
    2195 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2196 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    425212336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-mazefun:
    1 collection
    74 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3989528 bytes allocated
running stats for mazefun (2500):
    102 collections
    2197 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2198 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    425212336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5154352 bytes allocated
running stats for nboyer0 (150):
    73 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 171 ms collecting
    305504736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5154352 bytes allocated
running stats for nboyer0 (150):
    73 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 171 ms collecting
    305504736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5154352 bytes allocated
running stats for nboyer0 (150):
    73 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 171 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 171 ms collecting
    305504736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    93 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5154352 bytes allocated
running stats for nboyer0 (150):
    73 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 171 ms collecting
    305504736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5154352 bytes allocated
running stats for nboyer0 (150):
    73 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 170 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 171 ms collecting
    305504736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nqueens:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1864792 bytes allocated
running stats for nqueens (4000):
    110 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2174 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    461440048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nqueens:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1864792 bytes allocated
running stats for nqueens (4000):
    110 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    2174 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    461440048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nqueens:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1864792 bytes allocated
running stats for nqueens (4000):
    110 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2174 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    461440048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nqueens:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1864792 bytes allocated
running stats for nqueens (4000):
    110 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    2174 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    461440048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nqueens:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1864792 bytes allocated
running stats for nqueens (4000):
    110 collections
    2173 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    2175 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    461440048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ntakl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1833688 bytes allocated
running stats for ntakl (600):
    no collections
    2108 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2108 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ntakl:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1833688 bytes allocated
running stats for ntakl (600):
    no collections
    2108 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2108 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ntakl:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    62 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1833688 bytes allocated
running stats for ntakl (600):
    no collections
    2108 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2108 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ntakl:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1833688 bytes allocated
running stats for ntakl (600):
    no collections
    2108 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2108 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ntakl:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1833688 bytes allocated
running stats for ntakl (600):
    no collections
    2107 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2108 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nucleic:
    8 collections
    264 ms elapsed cpu time, including 87 ms collecting
    266 ms elapsed real time, including 88 ms collecting
    30194600 bytes allocated
running stats for nucleic (12):
    367 collections
    1946 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    1947 ms elapsed real time, including 149 ms collecting
    1537367760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nucleic:
    8 collections
    263 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    264 ms elapsed real time, including 87 ms collecting
    30194600 bytes allocated
running stats for nucleic (12):
    367 collections
    1946 ms elapsed cpu time, including 147 ms collecting
    1946 ms elapsed real time, including 149 ms collecting
    1537367760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nucleic:
    8 collections
    264 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    264 ms elapsed real time, including 87 ms collecting
    30194600 bytes allocated
running stats for nucleic (12):
    367 collections
    1947 ms elapsed cpu time, including 148 ms collecting
    1947 ms elapsed real time, including 149 ms collecting
    1537367760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nucleic:
    8 collections
    264 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    264 ms elapsed real time, including 87 ms collecting
    30194600 bytes allocated
running stats for nucleic (12):
    367 collections
    1946 ms elapsed cpu time, including 148 ms collecting
    1946 ms elapsed real time, including 150 ms collecting
    1537367760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-nucleic:
    8 collections
    264 ms elapsed cpu time, including 86 ms collecting
    264 ms elapsed real time, including 87 ms collecting
    30194600 bytes allocated
running stats for nucleic (12):
    367 collections
    1945 ms elapsed cpu time, including 148 ms collecting
    1946 ms elapsed real time, including 149 ms collecting
    1537367760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-paraffins:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4184640 bytes allocated
running stats for paraffins (1800):
    358 collections
    1980 ms elapsed cpu time, including 800 ms collecting
    1981 ms elapsed real time, including 802 ms collecting
    1496373936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-paraffins:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4184640 bytes allocated
running stats for paraffins (1800):
    358 collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 801 ms collecting
    1979 ms elapsed real time, including 802 ms collecting
    1496373936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-paraffins:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4184640 bytes allocated
running stats for paraffins (1800):
    358 collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 800 ms collecting
    1979 ms elapsed real time, including 802 ms collecting
    1496373936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-paraffins:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4184640 bytes allocated
running stats for paraffins (1800):
    358 collections
    1980 ms elapsed cpu time, including 801 ms collecting
    1981 ms elapsed real time, including 803 ms collecting
    1496373936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-paraffins:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4184640 bytes allocated
running stats for paraffins (1800):
    358 collections
    1980 ms elapsed cpu time, including 800 ms collecting
    1981 ms elapsed real time, including 802 ms collecting
    1496373936 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-parsing:
    3 collections
    142 ms elapsed cpu time, including 46 ms collecting
    144 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    10422360 bytes allocated
running stats for parsing:parsing-data.ss:360 (360):
    17 collections
    2152 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    2153 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    72248496 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-parsing:
    3 collections
    142 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    143 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    10422360 bytes allocated
running stats for parsing:parsing-data.ss:360 (360):
    17 collections
    2154 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    2155 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    72248496 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-parsing:
    3 collections
    143 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    143 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    10422360 bytes allocated
running stats for parsing:parsing-data.ss:360 (360):
    17 collections
    2157 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    2159 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    72248496 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-parsing:
    3 collections
    142 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    143 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    10422360 bytes allocated
running stats for parsing:parsing-data.ss:360 (360):
    17 collections
    2154 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    2155 ms elapsed real time, including 43 ms collecting
    72248496 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-parsing:
    3 collections
    142 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    143 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    10422360 bytes allocated
running stats for parsing:parsing-data.ss:360 (360):
    17 collections
    2154 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    2155 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    72248496 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-perm9:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2323392 bytes allocated
running stats for perm9 (12):
    49 collections
    1856 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1405 ms collecting
    1858 ms elapsed real time, including 1406 ms collecting
    204598704 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-perm9:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2323392 bytes allocated
running stats for perm9 (12):
    49 collections
    1856 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1404 ms collecting
    1858 ms elapsed real time, including 1405 ms collecting
    204598704 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-perm9:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2323392 bytes allocated
running stats for perm9 (12):
    49 collections
    1856 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1404 ms collecting
    1858 ms elapsed real time, including 1405 ms collecting
    204598704 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-perm9:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2323392 bytes allocated
running stats for perm9 (12):
    49 collections
    1855 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1403 ms collecting
    1856 ms elapsed real time, including 1404 ms collecting
    204598704 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-perm9:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2323392 bytes allocated
running stats for perm9 (12):
    49 collections
    1857 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1406 ms collecting
    1859 ms elapsed real time, including 1406 ms collecting
    204598704 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-peval:
    3 collections
    131 ms elapsed cpu time, including 49 ms collecting
    132 ms elapsed real time, including 49 ms collecting
    10750920 bytes allocated
running stats for peval (400):
    77 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    1984 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    323918288 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-peval:
    3 collections
    131 ms elapsed cpu time, including 49 ms collecting
    132 ms elapsed real time, including 49 ms collecting
    10750920 bytes allocated
running stats for peval (400):
    77 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    1983 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    323918288 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-peval:
    3 collections
    131 ms elapsed cpu time, including 49 ms collecting
    132 ms elapsed real time, including 49 ms collecting
    10750920 bytes allocated
running stats for peval (400):
    77 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    1984 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    323918288 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-peval:
    3 collections
    131 ms elapsed cpu time, including 49 ms collecting
    131 ms elapsed real time, including 49 ms collecting
    10750920 bytes allocated
running stats for peval (400):
    77 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    1984 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    323918288 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-peval:
    3 collections
    131 ms elapsed cpu time, including 49 ms collecting
    132 ms elapsed real time, including 49 ms collecting
    10750920 bytes allocated
running stats for peval (400):
    77 collections
    1983 ms elapsed cpu time, including 74 ms collecting
    1984 ms elapsed real time, including 74 ms collecting
    323918288 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pi:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3703256 bytes allocated
running stats for pi (3):
    61 collections
    2314 ms elapsed cpu time, including 640 ms collecting
    2315 ms elapsed real time, including 641 ms collecting
    385056280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pi:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3703256 bytes allocated
running stats for pi (3):
    61 collections
    2311 ms elapsed cpu time, including 638 ms collecting
    2312 ms elapsed real time, including 638 ms collecting
    385056280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pi:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3703256 bytes allocated
running stats for pi (3):
    61 collections
    2317 ms elapsed cpu time, including 642 ms collecting
    2317 ms elapsed real time, including 643 ms collecting
    385056280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pi:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    70 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3703256 bytes allocated
running stats for pi (3):
    61 collections
    2314 ms elapsed cpu time, including 640 ms collecting
    2315 ms elapsed real time, including 641 ms collecting
    385056280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pi:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3703256 bytes allocated
running stats for pi (3):
    61 collections
    2314 ms elapsed cpu time, including 641 ms collecting
    2315 ms elapsed real time, including 641 ms collecting
    385056280 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pnpoly:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2496144 bytes allocated
running stats for pnpoly (140000):
    112 collections
    2081 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2082 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    469280048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pnpoly:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2496144 bytes allocated
running stats for pnpoly (140000):
    112 collections
    2081 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2082 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    469280048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pnpoly:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    65 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2496144 bytes allocated
running stats for pnpoly (140000):
    112 collections
    2082 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2082 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    469280048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pnpoly:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    67 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2496144 bytes allocated
running stats for pnpoly (140000):
    112 collections
    2081 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2082 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    469280048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-pnpoly:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2496144 bytes allocated
running stats for pnpoly (140000):
    112 collections
    2081 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    2082 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    469280048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-primes:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1746680 bytes allocated
running stats for primes (180000):
    158 collections
    1966 ms elapsed cpu time, including 84 ms collecting
    1967 ms elapsed real time, including 85 ms collecting
    663840048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-primes:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1746680 bytes allocated
running stats for primes (180000):
    158 collections
    1967 ms elapsed cpu time, including 84 ms collecting
    1968 ms elapsed real time, including 85 ms collecting
    663840048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-primes:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1746680 bytes allocated
running stats for primes (180000):
    158 collections
    1967 ms elapsed cpu time, including 84 ms collecting
    1968 ms elapsed real time, including 85 ms collecting
    663840048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-primes:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1746680 bytes allocated
running stats for primes (180000):
    158 collections
    1966 ms elapsed cpu time, including 84 ms collecting
    1967 ms elapsed real time, including 84 ms collecting
    663840048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-primes:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1746680 bytes allocated
running stats for primes (180000):
    158 collections
    1966 ms elapsed cpu time, including 84 ms collecting
    1967 ms elapsed real time, including 85 ms collecting
    663840048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-puzzle:
    2 collections
    82 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    83 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5051504 bytes allocated
running stats for puzzle (180):
    42 collections
    2111 ms elapsed cpu time, including 50 ms collecting
    2112 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    178451440 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-puzzle:
    2 collections
    82 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    83 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5051504 bytes allocated
running stats for puzzle (180):
    42 collections
    2111 ms elapsed cpu time, including 50 ms collecting
    2112 ms elapsed real time, including 50 ms collecting
    178451440 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-puzzle:
    2 collections
    82 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    83 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5051504 bytes allocated
running stats for puzzle (180):
    42 collections
    2111 ms elapsed cpu time, including 50 ms collecting
    2111 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    178451440 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-puzzle:
    2 collections
    82 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    83 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5051504 bytes allocated
running stats for puzzle (180):
    42 collections
    2111 ms elapsed cpu time, including 50 ms collecting
    2111 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    178451440 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-puzzle:
    2 collections
    82 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    84 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5051504 bytes allocated
running stats for puzzle (180):
    42 collections
    2111 ms elapsed cpu time, including 50 ms collecting
    2111 ms elapsed real time, including 51 ms collecting
    178451440 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-quicksort:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3037296 bytes allocated
running stats for quicksort30 (60):
    38 collections
    2046 ms elapsed cpu time, including 71 ms collecting
    2047 ms elapsed real time, including 72 ms collecting
    157364576 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-quicksort:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3037296 bytes allocated
running stats for quicksort30 (60):
    38 collections
    2043 ms elapsed cpu time, including 71 ms collecting
    2043 ms elapsed real time, including 72 ms collecting
    157364576 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-quicksort:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3037296 bytes allocated
running stats for quicksort30 (60):
    38 collections
    2052 ms elapsed cpu time, including 72 ms collecting
    2053 ms elapsed real time, including 72 ms collecting
    157364576 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-quicksort:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3037296 bytes allocated
running stats for quicksort30 (60):
    38 collections
    2046 ms elapsed cpu time, including 71 ms collecting
    2047 ms elapsed real time, including 72 ms collecting
    157364576 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-quicksort:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    69 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    3037296 bytes allocated
running stats for quicksort30 (60):
    38 collections
    2048 ms elapsed cpu time, including 72 ms collecting
    2049 ms elapsed real time, including 72 ms collecting
    157364576 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ray:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4131008 bytes allocated
running stats for ray (3):
    142 collections
    1823 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    1829 ms elapsed real time, including 84 ms collecting
    592079504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ray:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4131008 bytes allocated
running stats for ray (3):
    142 collections
    1821 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    1822 ms elapsed real time, including 84 ms collecting
    592079504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ray:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    75 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4131008 bytes allocated
running stats for ray (3):
    142 collections
    1820 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    1822 ms elapsed real time, including 83 ms collecting
    592079504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ray:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4131008 bytes allocated
running stats for ray (3):
    142 collections
    1820 ms elapsed cpu time, including 82 ms collecting
    1820 ms elapsed real time, including 84 ms collecting
    592079504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-ray:
    1 collection
    75 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    76 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4131008 bytes allocated
running stats for ray (3):
    142 collections
    1820 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    1820 ms elapsed real time, including 84 ms collecting
    592079504 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sboyer:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5207256 bytes allocated
running stats for sboyer0 (200):
    31 collections
    2437 ms elapsed cpu time, including 46 ms collecting
    2437 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    132330736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sboyer:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 42 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5207256 bytes allocated
running stats for sboyer0 (200):
    31 collections
    2438 ms elapsed cpu time, including 46 ms collecting
    2439 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    132330736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sboyer:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 42 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5207256 bytes allocated
running stats for sboyer0 (200):
    31 collections
    2437 ms elapsed cpu time, including 46 ms collecting
    2437 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    132330736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sboyer:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 42 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5207256 bytes allocated
running stats for sboyer0 (200):
    31 collections
    2437 ms elapsed cpu time, including 46 ms collecting
    2437 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    132330736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sboyer:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 42 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    5207256 bytes allocated
running stats for sboyer0 (200):
    31 collections
    2438 ms elapsed cpu time, including 47 ms collecting
    2439 ms elapsed real time, including 47 ms collecting
    132330736 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-scheme:
    4 collections
    199 ms elapsed cpu time, including 76 ms collecting
    199 ms elapsed real time, including 77 ms collecting
    16480176 bytes allocated
running stats for scheme (40000):
    70 collections
    1942 ms elapsed cpu time, including 52 ms collecting
    1942 ms elapsed real time, including 53 ms collecting
    293760048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-scheme:
    4 collections
    198 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    199 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    16480176 bytes allocated
running stats for scheme (40000):
    70 collections
    1939 ms elapsed cpu time, including 52 ms collecting
    1939 ms elapsed real time, including 52 ms collecting
    293760048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-scheme:
    4 collections
    198 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    198 ms elapsed real time, including 76 ms collecting
    16480176 bytes allocated
running stats for scheme (40000):
    70 collections
    1937 ms elapsed cpu time, including 52 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 53 ms collecting
    293760048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-scheme:
    4 collections
    196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    197 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    16480176 bytes allocated
running stats for scheme (40000):
    70 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    1937 ms elapsed real time, including 52 ms collecting
    293760048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-scheme:
    4 collections
    196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 75 ms collecting
    198 ms elapsed real time, including 75 ms collecting
    16480176 bytes allocated
running stats for scheme (40000):
    70 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 51 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 52 ms collecting
    293760048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-simplex:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    102 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    7814520 bytes allocated
running stats for simplex (160000):
    211 collections
    1886 ms elapsed cpu time, including 97 ms collecting
    1887 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    881932336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-simplex:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    102 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    7814520 bytes allocated
running stats for simplex (160000):
    211 collections
    1886 ms elapsed cpu time, including 96 ms collecting
    1887 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    881932336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-simplex:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    102 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    7814520 bytes allocated
running stats for simplex (160000):
    211 collections
    1889 ms elapsed cpu time, including 96 ms collecting
    1890 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    881932336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-simplex:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    102 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    7814520 bytes allocated
running stats for simplex (160000):
    211 collections
    1887 ms elapsed cpu time, including 96 ms collecting
    1887 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    881932336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-simplex:
    2 collections
    102 ms elapsed cpu time, including 43 ms collecting
    102 ms elapsed real time, including 44 ms collecting
    7814520 bytes allocated
running stats for simplex (160000):
    211 collections
    1887 ms elapsed cpu time, including 96 ms collecting
    1888 ms elapsed real time, including 98 ms collecting
    881932336 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-slatex:
    10 collections
    561 ms elapsed cpu time, including 125 ms collecting
    562 ms elapsed real time, including 125 ms collecting
    42725272 bytes allocated
running stats for slatex (30):
    14 collections
    2058 ms elapsed cpu time, including 230 ms collecting
    3719 ms elapsed real time, including 230 ms collecting
    56032512 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-slatex:
    10 collections
    560 ms elapsed cpu time, including 124 ms collecting
    561 ms elapsed real time, including 125 ms collecting
    42725272 bytes allocated
running stats for slatex (30):
    14 collections
    2071 ms elapsed cpu time, including 233 ms collecting
    3923 ms elapsed real time, including 234 ms collecting
    56032512 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-slatex:
    10 collections
    561 ms elapsed cpu time, including 125 ms collecting
    562 ms elapsed real time, including 126 ms collecting
    42725272 bytes allocated
running stats for slatex (30):
    14 collections
    2067 ms elapsed cpu time, including 231 ms collecting
    3765 ms elapsed real time, including 231 ms collecting
    56032512 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-slatex:
    10 collections
    560 ms elapsed cpu time, including 124 ms collecting
    561 ms elapsed real time, including 125 ms collecting
    42725272 bytes allocated
running stats for slatex (30):
    14 collections
    2062 ms elapsed cpu time, including 230 ms collecting
    3867 ms elapsed real time, including 231 ms collecting
    56032512 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-slatex:
    10 collections
    560 ms elapsed cpu time, including 124 ms collecting
    561 ms elapsed real time, including 125 ms collecting
    42725272 bytes allocated
running stats for slatex (30):
    14 collections
    2060 ms elapsed cpu time, including 232 ms collecting
    3965 ms elapsed real time, including 233 ms collecting
    56032512 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-string:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1917720 bytes allocated
running stats for string (4):
    159 collections
    2188 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1380 ms collecting
    2190 ms elapsed real time, including 1382 ms collecting
    503273424 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-string:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1917720 bytes allocated
running stats for string (4):
    159 collections
    2248 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1436 ms collecting
    2386 ms elapsed real time, including 1506 ms collecting
    503273424 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-string:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 42 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    1917720 bytes allocated
running stats for string (4):
    159 collections
    2283 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1470 ms collecting
    2292 ms elapsed real time, including 1476 ms collecting
    503273424 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-string:
    1 collection
    62 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    63 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    1917720 bytes allocated
running stats for string (4):
    159 collections
    2224 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1414 ms collecting
    2226 ms elapsed real time, including 1417 ms collecting
    503273424 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-string:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 41 ms collecting
    64 ms elapsed real time, including 42 ms collecting
    1917720 bytes allocated
running stats for string (4):
    159 collections
    2280 ms elapsed cpu time, including 1466 ms collecting
    2287 ms elapsed real time, including 1471 ms collecting
    503273424 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum:
    1 collection
    63 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    100 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1544320 bytes allocated
running stats for sum (30000):
    no collections
    1749 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1752 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum:
    1 collection
    67 ms elapsed cpu time, including 45 ms collecting
    67 ms elapsed real time, including 46 ms collecting
    1544320 bytes allocated
running stats for sum (30000):
    no collections
    1928 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1935 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum:
    1 collection
    66 ms elapsed cpu time, including 44 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 45 ms collecting
    1544320 bytes allocated
running stats for sum (30000):
    no collections
    1898 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1901 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum:
    1 collection
    66 ms elapsed cpu time, including 45 ms collecting
    67 ms elapsed real time, including 46 ms collecting
    1544320 bytes allocated
running stats for sum (30000):
    no collections
    1915 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1916 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum:
    1 collection
    67 ms elapsed cpu time, including 45 ms collecting
    68 ms elapsed real time, including 46 ms collecting
    1544320 bytes allocated
running stats for sum (30000):
    no collections
    1899 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1900 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum1:
    1 collection
    68 ms elapsed cpu time, including 45 ms collecting
    68 ms elapsed real time, including 46 ms collecting
    1659288 bytes allocated
running stats for sum1 (5):
    142 collections
    2428 ms elapsed cpu time, including 94 ms collecting
    2434 ms elapsed real time, including 94 ms collecting
    596890808 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum1:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1659288 bytes allocated
running stats for sum1 (5):
    142 collections
    2195 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    2196 ms elapsed real time, including 83 ms collecting
    596890808 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum1:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1659288 bytes allocated
running stats for sum1 (5):
    142 collections
    2196 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    2196 ms elapsed real time, including 83 ms collecting
    596890808 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum1:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1659288 bytes allocated
running stats for sum1 (5):
    142 collections
    2195 ms elapsed cpu time, including 82 ms collecting
    2195 ms elapsed real time, including 83 ms collecting
    596890808 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sum1:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1659288 bytes allocated
running stats for sum1 (5):
    142 collections
    2195 ms elapsed cpu time, including 83 ms collecting
    2196 ms elapsed real time, including 83 ms collecting
    596890808 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1533520 bytes allocated
running stats for sumfp (8000):
    611 collections
    2574 ms elapsed cpu time, including 204 ms collecting
    2576 ms elapsed real time, including 206 ms collecting
    2560256048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumfp:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1533520 bytes allocated
running stats for sumfp (8000):
    611 collections
    2566 ms elapsed cpu time, including 202 ms collecting
    2567 ms elapsed real time, including 205 ms collecting
    2560256048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1533520 bytes allocated
running stats for sumfp (8000):
    611 collections
    2568 ms elapsed cpu time, including 201 ms collecting
    2570 ms elapsed real time, including 204 ms collecting
    2560256048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1533520 bytes allocated
running stats for sumfp (8000):
    611 collections
    2565 ms elapsed cpu time, including 202 ms collecting
    2566 ms elapsed real time, including 204 ms collecting
    2560256048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumfp:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1533520 bytes allocated
running stats for sumfp (8000):
    611 collections
    2566 ms elapsed cpu time, including 201 ms collecting
    2567 ms elapsed real time, including 204 ms collecting
    2560256048 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumloop:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1782288 bytes allocated
running stats for sumloop (2):
    no collections
    1786 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1787 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    80 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumloop:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1782288 bytes allocated
running stats for sumloop (2):
    no collections
    1771 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1772 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    80 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumloop:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1782288 bytes allocated
running stats for sumloop (2):
    no collections
    1764 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1765 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    80 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumloop:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1782288 bytes allocated
running stats for sumloop (2):
    no collections
    1775 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1776 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    80 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-sumloop:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1782288 bytes allocated
running stats for sumloop (2):
    no collections
    1764 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1765 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    80 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tail:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1823720 bytes allocated
running stats for tail (4):
    86 collections
    1881 ms elapsed cpu time, including 388 ms collecting
    1883 ms elapsed real time, including 390 ms collecting
    361734664 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tail:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1823720 bytes allocated
running stats for tail (4):
    86 collections
    1881 ms elapsed cpu time, including 389 ms collecting
    1882 ms elapsed real time, including 390 ms collecting
    361734664 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tail:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1823720 bytes allocated
running stats for tail (4):
    86 collections
    1881 ms elapsed cpu time, including 389 ms collecting
    1883 ms elapsed real time, including 390 ms collecting
    361734664 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tail:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1823720 bytes allocated
running stats for tail (4):
    86 collections
    1880 ms elapsed cpu time, including 389 ms collecting
    1882 ms elapsed real time, including 389 ms collecting
    361734664 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tail:
    1 collection
    59 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    60 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1823720 bytes allocated
running stats for tail (4):
    86 collections
    1881 ms elapsed cpu time, including 388 ms collecting
    1882 ms elapsed real time, including 389 ms collecting
    361734664 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tak:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    58 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    1567112 bytes allocated
running stats for tak (3000):
    no collections
    2223 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2223 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tak:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1567112 bytes allocated
running stats for tak (3000):
    no collections
    2223 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2224 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tak:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1567112 bytes allocated
running stats for tak (3000):
    no collections
    2223 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2223 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tak:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1567112 bytes allocated
running stats for tak (3000):
    no collections
    2223 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2224 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-tak:
    1 collection
    58 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    59 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1567112 bytes allocated
running stats for tak (3000):
    no collections
    2223 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2223 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-takl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1829960 bytes allocated
running stats for takl (500):
    no collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1978 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-takl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1829960 bytes allocated
running stats for takl (500):
    no collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1978 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-takl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1829960 bytes allocated
running stats for takl (500):
    no collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1978 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-takl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1829960 bytes allocated
running stats for takl (500):
    no collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1978 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-takl:
    1 collection
    60 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1829960 bytes allocated
running stats for takl (500):
    no collections
    1978 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    1978 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    48 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav1:
    1 collection
    78 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    4638688 bytes allocated
running stats for trav1 (150):
    46 collections
    1935 ms elapsed cpu time, including 159 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 160 ms collecting
    192204760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav1:
    1 collection
    77 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    4638688 bytes allocated
running stats for trav1 (150):
    46 collections
    1934 ms elapsed cpu time, including 157 ms collecting
    1934 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    192204760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav1:
    1 collection
    77 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    4638688 bytes allocated
running stats for trav1 (150):
    46 collections
    1934 ms elapsed cpu time, including 158 ms collecting
    1935 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    192204760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav1:
    1 collection
    77 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    4638688 bytes allocated
running stats for trav1 (150):
    46 collections
    1935 ms elapsed cpu time, including 158 ms collecting
    1935 ms elapsed real time, including 159 ms collecting
    192204760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav1:
    1 collection
    77 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    78 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    4638688 bytes allocated
running stats for trav1 (150):
    46 collections
    1934 ms elapsed cpu time, including 157 ms collecting
    1934 ms elapsed real time, including 158 ms collecting
    192204760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav2:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    5928192 bytes allocated
running stats for trav2 (40):
    4 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 19 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    16012976 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav2:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5928192 bytes allocated
running stats for trav2 (40):
    4 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 19 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    16012976 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav2:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    93 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5928192 bytes allocated
running stats for trav2 (40):
    4 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    1935 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    16012976 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav2:
    2 collections
    92 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5928192 bytes allocated
running stats for trav2 (40):
    4 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 19 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    16012976 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-trav2:
    2 collections
    91 ms elapsed cpu time, including 40 ms collecting
    92 ms elapsed real time, including 41 ms collecting
    5928192 bytes allocated
running stats for trav2 (40):
    4 collections
    1936 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    1936 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    16012976 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-triangl:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2513152 bytes allocated
running stats for triangl (12):
    8 collections
    2127 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    2128 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    32207760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-triangl:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2513152 bytes allocated
running stats for triangl (12):
    8 collections
    2127 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    2129 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    32207760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-triangl:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2513152 bytes allocated
running stats for triangl (12):
    8 collections
    2127 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    2128 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    32207760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-triangl:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    66 ms elapsed real time, including 39 ms collecting
    2513152 bytes allocated
running stats for triangl (12):
    8 collections
    2127 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    2128 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    32207760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-triangl:
    1 collection
    65 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    67 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    2513152 bytes allocated
running stats for triangl (12):
    8 collections
    2127 ms elapsed cpu time, including 20 ms collecting
    2128 ms elapsed real time, including 20 ms collecting
    32207760 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-wc:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1980576 bytes allocated
running stats for wc (15):
    no collections
    2292 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2292 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    194232 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-wc:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1980576 bytes allocated
running stats for wc (15):
    no collections
    2292 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2293 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    194232 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-wc:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1980576 bytes allocated
running stats for wc (15):
    no collections
    2293 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2293 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    194232 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-wc:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1980576 bytes allocated
running stats for wc (15):
    no collections
    2292 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2293 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    194232 bytes allocated
running stats for compile-wc:
    1 collection
    61 ms elapsed cpu time, including 39 ms collecting
    61 ms elapsed real time, including 40 ms collecting
    1980576 bytes allocated
running stats for wc (15):
    no collections
    2292 ms elapsed cpu time, including 0 ms collecting
    2292 ms elapsed real time, including 0 ms collecting
    194232 bytes allocated
